#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile dev-requirements.in
#
-e file:.#egg=flytekit
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pytest-flyte
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
appnope==0.1.3
    # via ipython
arrow==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jinja2-time
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-docker
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bcrypt==4.0.1
    # via paramiko
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via docker-compose
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
chardet==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   binaryornot
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flytekit
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
codespell==2.2.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
cookiecutter==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
coverage[toml]==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
croniter==1.3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
cryptography==39.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   paramiko
    #   pyopenssl
dataclasses-json==0.5.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   retry
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
diskcache==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
distro==1.8.0
    # via docker-compose
docker[ssh]==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   docker-compose
    #   flytekit
docker-compose==1.29.2
    # via pytest-flyte
docker-image-py==0.1.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
dockerpty==0.4.1
    # via docker-compose
docopt==0.6.2
    # via docker-compose
docstring-parser==0.15
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
exceptiongroup==1.1.0
    # via pytest
filelock==3.9.0
    # via virtualenv
flatbuffers==23.1.21
    # via tensorflow
flyteidl==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
gast==0.5.3
    # via tensorflow
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
google-api-core[grpc]==2.11.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-core
google-auth==2.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   kubernetes
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-cloud-bigquery==3.4.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.18.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
google-cloud-core==2.3.2
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
google-resumable-media==2.4.1
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos==1.58.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flyteidl
    #   flytekit
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.51.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   grpcio-status
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
grpcio-status==1.51.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
    #   google-api-core
h5py==3.8.0
    # via tensorflow
identify==2.5.17
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
    #   keyring
    #   markdown
    #   pluggy
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytest
    #   virtualenv
importlib-resources==5.10.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   keyring
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipython==7.34.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
jaraco-classes==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   keyring
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   jinja2-time
    #   pytest-flyte
jinja2-time==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   flytekit
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   docker-compose
keras==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
keyring==23.13.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
kubernetes==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
libclang==15.0.6.1
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.4.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.19.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-enum
    #   marshmallow-jsonschema
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
marshmallow-jsonschema==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via ipython
mock==5.0.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
more-itertools==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jaraco-classes
mypy==0.991
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
natsort==8.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
nodeenv==1.7.0
    # via pre-commit
numpy==1.21.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   docker
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
pandas==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
paramiko==3.0.0
    # via docker
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==2.21.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via ipython
proto-plus==1.22.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
protobuf==4.21.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flyteidl
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   protoc-gen-swagger
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
protoc-gen-swagger==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flyteidl
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   retry
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.14.0
    # via ipython
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyopenssl==23.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==7.2.1
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-docker
    #   pytest-flyte
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pytest-docker==1.0.1
    # via pytest-flyte
pytest-flyte @ git+https://github.com/flyteorg/pytest-flyte@main
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   arrow
    #   croniter
    #   flytekit
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   kubernetes
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==0.21.1
    # via docker-compose
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
python-slugify==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
    #   pandas
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   docker-compose
    #   flytekit
    #   kubernetes
    #   pre-commit
regex==2022.10.31
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   docker-image-py
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   docker
    #   docker-compose
    #   flytekit
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   kubernetes
responses==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
retry==0.9.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
scipy==1.7.3
    # via scikit-learn
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   astunparse
    #   dockerpty
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   jsonschema
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   kubernetes
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
    #   websocket-client
smmap==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   gitdb
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
statsd==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
tensorboard==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.8.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.30.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.2.0
    # via tensorflow
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-slugify
texttable==1.6.7
    # via docker-compose
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   responses
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
torch==1.12.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
types-croniter==1.3.2.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
types-mock==5.0.0.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
types-protobuf==4.21.0.3
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
types-toml==0.10.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   responses
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
    #   gitpython
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   mypy
    #   platformdirs
    #   responses
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   docker
    #   flytekit
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
    #   responses
virtualenv==20.17.1
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
websocket-client==0.59.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   docker
    #   docker-compose
    #   kubernetes
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.38.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   astunparse
    #   flytekit
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   deprecated
    #   flytekit
    #   tensorflow
zipp==3.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
